I'm at vuex static versus dynamic modules.
All right, so we're back and
we're gonna look at the solution for
how exactly we want our code to look.
So just to review really quickly, we were
looking at updating operatorView component
such that we're
extrapolating the store and
dynamically loading it in that component.
So let's do that.
What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
do a couple [LAUGH] Of things.
I'm gonna create a modules folder,
so let's create a modules folder.
And then within the modules folder,
I'm going to create a machine.js file.
And what I wanna do is I'm essentially
taking all of this code and
I'm moving it into that
specific part of the app.
So there's no longer a sets of modules.
Everything live in here.
For brevity, I'm going to
use the code that works.
So I created,
essentially I'm doing an export default.
And then there's some state
there's actions, getters,
mutations and this is all what was
living in the state itself, except for
the fact that I now have a module.
And so
my store has nothing in it anymore, so
I can actually nuke this
part because it's no longer,
this like really nothing
in the store anymore.
And what I can do now is I can go into my
OperatorView components specifically and
I am going to create some stuff.
So I'm gonna created and
I'm gonna do like a register.
I feel like it's a register module.
Yep.
So I'm gonna register a module.
And in my instance, let me,
I'm just gonna hard code it for now.
So I'm creating a module that
has a name of machine and
then a machine and so the next step
would be to import this specific module.
So I'm going to store modules and
I believe it's called just machine.
So I imported that specific module and
then I'm registering that module.
And so with that,
I believe my code will work.
Famous last words.
Okay, it works.
Yes, hurray.
It works and it has console errors as
I mentioned and that's because all of
the various pieces as you notice it
cannot read property time service.
That's because every single piece of the
vending machine item in the list is using
that because it has that button hooked up.
And currently there
isn't a concept of that.
So we'll work on fixing that.
But this is sort of the solution for
this particular exercise.
Are there any questions?
>> When would you think about
using these dynamic modules?
I see what you did here.
>> Yeah.
>> And you could have achieved that by
just storing the state for each of those
service items within each of those rows.
So what is it that you think about when
you think about why you'd wanna use
dynamic modules in a real app?
>> I guess this is a good instance,
like if for instance,
only one component is using
this particular module and
you don't need it anywhere
else across the application.
So like one instance,
let's say you're logging in your
user with certain permissions and
you are trying to access a new site.
As a user or reader, you don't need access
to certain states that specific to admin.
So for example, I don't know.
The admin might have specific pieces,
specific actions like change date or
change title or whatever.
And you don't want someone who
doesn't have those permissions to have
access to that module,
you don't actually need it honestly,
it's a waste of a module to have.
And so
you don't even want to load it completely.
So you can, with dynamic modules.
The module is only loaded
if the component is loaded.
And so it's one way in which you
can extrapolate and sort of,
it's pairing down what gets loaded.
So there is a performance
benefit if you think about it,
because you're not loading a module you
don't need, if you don't need it at all.
Does that make sense?
>> Yeah, that makes sense.